== README
Instagram Collection is built using Ruby on Rails 4 and React.js.
You can visit at http://sophiesinstagramcollection.herokuapp.com.

To run the app on localhost:3000, you can download the zip file and run the
following commands: bundle install, rake db:reset, and rails s.

I implemented the following features:

* Landing page automatically searches for #dalmatian.
  I added this feature because it helps the user quickly see what the app can do.

* I implemented a Rails JSON API in order to retrieve a collection's photos.

* The front-end of the app is built with the flux pattern in mind. The flux pattern describes
  an unidirectional data flow that involves three major parts: the dispatcher, the stores,
  and the views. By following this design pattern, it is easier to maintain and debug
  the app.

* User can type in a hash tag and choose start and end dates. App returns search results.

* Other core features of the user interface include saving a photo to a collection (by mousing
  over the top portion of the photo), viewing Instagram username of a photo (also by
  mousing over the top portion of the photo), navigating to the native Instagram link
  (by clicking the photo), loading more photos (by clicking the load more button at the
  bottom of the page), and creating a new collection (by navigating to the view collection page
  and typing in the name of the new collection). These core features of the user interface
  are intuitive for the user.

* If user does not provide an end date, the current Date is used.

The next most important feature to improve is to minimize the amount of API hits even more, so
that users do not experience a major disruption while using the app.
